MapContext and useMap hook (#1649)
terrestris/react-geo: src/Map/MapComponent/MapComponent.example.md

It makes use of the `mappify` HOC function to supply the provided map to the MapComponent
and the NominatimSearch.

> **THE HOC IS DEPREACTED. PLEASE CONSIDER USING THE MAPCONTEXT WITH `useMap`**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**THE HOC IS DEPRECATED AND ONLY AVAILABLE FOR BACKWARDS COMPATIBILITY. PLEASE CONSIDER USING THE MAPCONTEXT WITH `useMap`**
```
